Hey...
It's amazing
how many friends you can buy
with a rich stepfather.
Is it possible
that we're just a teeny bit jealous?
Maybe.
Talk, talk, talk. Let's dance.
You sure don't do anything halfway,
Big Jim.
Ha! There's no reason the Tate family
shouldn't have the best,
and, as long as I'm around,
that's what it's gonna have.
Laid off?
Paxton Powers wants to move
the light weapons division
into new areas.
You mean, he wants to dump me
and hire someone else at a lower salary?
I won't dignify that with an answer.
Due to recent market reversals,
your severance package,
alas, will be modest.
I built that division up from nothing.
I was in special forces.
I've got degrees
in electronics and engineering.
They'll have to hire two people
to replace me.
Take it easy, Jim.
Look, Karen, I just got married.
I'm remodeling the house.
I've got alimony.
Things are tight.
I mean... You started out
as my assistant.
Put in a word for me.
Let me outsource as a consultant
until I can find something else.
There's nothing I can do.
But the electrical contractor
comes tomorrow,
and I've got to get a check to Mr. Sweem
for the new drapes.
What can I do to help, Dad?
Hey, everyone, stop, right now.
You're looking
at the best weapons designer around.
Other companies
are already bidding for me.
This layoff is a huge blessing.
Now, let's stop all this panic
and go out to dinner.
Jared's buying.
Sony, Jim,
but the military is cutting back.
Hey, I'm lucky to have a job.
We've got a project
coming up you'd be perfect for.
Can you hang on for 18 months?
What can I say, Jim?
These cutbacks affect everyone.
Force Tech can't afford
to bring you on board.
Force Tech has a short memory, Istivan.
I've helped you guys out before
under the table.
And we paid you generously.
Of course, there are certain
unofficial job opportunities.
Like what?
You once mentioned a sonic wave device
that could shatter steel,
the perfect anti-tank weapon.
I designed it,
but Wayne-Powers passed on a prototype.
Force Tech has contacts
with a certain foreign government
that is, oh, temporarily in disfavor
with the world community.
If you were to build them a prototype,
they would be embarrassingly grateful.
It's not that easy.
I'd have to steal the specifications
and build the thing from scratch.
I understand, Jim.
If it's too much, you can always go live
on your modest severance package,
but our client won't wait,
and neither will I.
I need an answer now.
{933931
Yeah!
You're going to jail.
Easy or hard, it's up to you.
Here's a tip, hard isn't fun.
Untraceable, tax-free.
A small down payment.
Not bad. I still need to swipe
a high-capacity circuit board.
You made quite an impression on the web.
They're already calling you
"The Human Armory."
You build this stuff, you test it,
but you always wonder how it'll work
when the pressure's on.
Are you satisfied?
It was like war.
It is a war, Jim.
Every great conflict
is centered around economic struggle.
Your personal battle
for financial security is no different.
Tell that to Batman. He almost got me.
You may have to take him out.
After all, wars have their casualties.
Still no official comment
from Wayne-Powers
regarding last week's break-in.
However, sources state that Armory
may have accessed
top-secret research files.
I told those dummies
to beef up security.
Jim, honey, Mr. Sweem wants to knock out
that old rock fireplace
and put in Italian marble.
I wasn't sure I'd like it,
but he faxed over these designs.
I don't care.
It's just that, even discounted,
the marble is going to be
20% above the bid, not including...
I don't care!
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap.
Whatever you want, hon,
I'm sure it'll look great.
I think
I'll get some work done out back.
See you later.
How about this?
"Men With Little Heads." Too retro.
I guess we don't say "Hi" anymore.
Oh, Terry, sorry.
I was thinking about stuff.
I bet.
Where does the man
who has everything put it all?
What is your problem?
Take it easy. I was just kidding.
Sony,
sometimes she really ticks me off.
- You okay?
- Yeah, fine.
What's the matter?
It's my stepdad.
He's acting very un-schway.
Layoffs hit people hard.
Tell me. He's got a workshop.
It's become his new home.
Mom and I aren't allowed in.
He's pushing us out of his life.
It's not like him.
He's just depressed. Give him some time.
- He'll snap out of it.
- I guess so.
What's with Jared,
the bond market crash?
His dad's a light weapons expert.
He gets laid off.
Suddenly, Wayne-Powers is burglarized
by a guy with enough equipment
to stand off a marine battalion.
- Armory?
- I gotta make sure.
What? Hey.
What hit us? Electromagnet?
I don't know, but it took out our power.
Get out of here. Move, move!
What are you doing in Dad's drawer?
Just borrowing some socks.
Did he say when he was getting back?
No, he thought
the meeting could run pretty late.
The client is very excited
about the possibilities
of this new weapon of yours...
Must've left the lights on.
The war room. Very schway.
You shouldn't be here, Hegedesh.
Plans change.
My principals have pushed
the deadline forward.
Ijust have to install
this circuit board,
then pay up, and we're finished.
And I mean it, Hegedesh.
Whatever you like, Jim.
But I thought you enjoyed being Armory.
Let's just say
it got a little too thrilling tonight.
There.
Ugh!
Let go.
Jared?
Take your hands off him.
Don't do me any favors, Armory.
Jared...
Mom and I were worried sick about you,
but I guess blowing up the town
comes first, you dreg.
This is very bad.
You better do something.
Back off.
Son, listen to me.
Listen...
I heard shouting. What's going on?
- Armory?
- Please, Lorraine, I had to.
No!
Don't you see? I did this for you.
For both of you. I had to.
There was no other way.
I was going to lose everything.
You wouldn't have lost us.
You did this for yourself, Jim.
All your high talk and big money.
You lied to us, and now...
Listen, babe, it's over.
This was just a stopgap. That's all.
A way to get over the hump.
It's gonna be okay.
How? 'Cause no one knows?
I know. Jared knows.
How in the name of heaven
is this ever gonna be okay?
- What's that?
- Look at your security camera.
Batman?
There's no way he followed me.
Let's see if he wants to drop in.
Isfivan, no.
I'm sorry, Jim,
but either he goes or we go.
- Dad, no!
- I'm doing this for all of us.
You're through, Batman.
The war's over, Istivan.
We lost.
Dad!
So the judge was lenient. I'm glad.
My dad cooperated in every way.
Of course, he won't be home for a while.
And there's that fine.
Yeah, I heard you lost the car.
You meet more interesting people
on public transportation.
Hey, I got my sister's car
while she's away.
Any time you need a ride,
I'm there, Jared.
You never made that offer to me.
Maybe you're spoiled.